Call came directly to the IC for medical inquiry and adverse event noted for Crestor. Patient started Crestor 10 mg daily by mouth in 01-2008 for high cholesterol. Patient also taking Toprol XL 50 mg daily by mouth started in 11-2000 for high blood pressure. Patient reported the following that she has skipped doses of Crestor over the years since she started taking it and the last time was in 12-2017. She would just take her usual dose the next day and not try to make up the missed dose. Her HCP is aware, no treatment offered. Had high cholesterol since about 2003 and currently taking brand Crestor. She is nervous now about taking new medications, unknown start date and if her HCP is aware. Patient to start generic Crestor when finish her brand Crestor. No further information was provided. Follow up received on 03-01-2018. Updated on 03-01-2018. The following should have been included in the above narrative. Patient stated that she is fine with the brand Crestor, she no problems with it. This information was received in the original phone call. Same sender table.
Call direct to IC with XX and Me related issue removal of product letter. Patient has been prescribed Nexium Rx capsule. Long term use Nexium Rx. Event is she took another medication UNK not specified which did not help. This medication was for a medical condition not specified. The caller was not sure why she took the medication. It was possibly for anxiety or depression. She noticed the medication did not work after she started the Nexium Rx. She stated Nexium Rx is the only thing that helps. She stated that in the past she has had a flare up due to stress or due to being on an antibiotic or eating certain foods. She declined to provide any additional information for this report. Dates could not be clarified. She declined follow up from patient safety and for permission to contact HCP. SJ (TMS).
XX and Me agent called to report an adverse event on behalf of a consumer who was no longer on the line. The consumer began Nexium 40 mg once a day, for acid reflux, start date not reported. The consumer reported that her acid reflux was worse past couple days. She reported having extreme stress, heart burn and is not eating. The consumer further clarified that because of her acid reflux getting worse her doctor increased her dose to Nexium 40 mg twice a day starting today. The consumer was no longer on the line and was unable to provide additional information.
Patient advised that she had taken Nexium in the past the was switched to the generic and then back to Nexium. She advised that the generic doesnt work for her. Patient declined to provide any further information.
Email correspondence received from XX and Me. Adverse Event was received from XX and Me by email, as they were unable to contact the IC by phone, no attachments are associated with this case. Subject This is a possible AE, PQC, or Medical/Product Inquiry from XXandMe inVentiv. Please treat this as an urgent case. AE received by phone on 21-09-2015. Information that includes the PERD requirements or PQC requirements is provided. Text Body Date:21-09-2015 How was it received:PHONE Time reported:2:50 p.m. Patient information:Pamela Desjardins,XX, , xxx.xx.0246(DIS removed numbers from Social Security number and replaced with xxx for privacy) Event:Pt has missed 2 days of meds Reporter:Pamela Desjardins Drug:Seroquel XR 400 mg tab No other information provided. No permission provided for Patient Safety to recontact Reporter or to contact HCP.JN(TMS) Follow up received on 04-12-2017. Enrolled patient transferred from XX and Me. 2 to 3 years ago she did not do well on the generic Seroquel XR, exact date unknown. She clarified by stating that while she was using the generic for 30 days, she did not sleep well and was shaky. Her HCP was aware and switched her back to Seroquel XR brand and those symptoms resolved. Her pharmacist told her it may have been due to the fillers. PS granted permission to contact patient. Her address is as stated above, her email is xxx@yahoo.com , and her phone number is 480.300.9210. PS also has permission to contact her HCP Dr. Michael Mar practicing. No further information provided.
The patients daughter reports her mother has been having "abdominal burning pains" since starting the Lynparza. Patient had labs drawn and saw her oncologist yesterday and informed him of her symptoms. Her labs were all okay and the oncologist examined the patient but did not give her anything for her stomach.
Patients husband reported she has nausea, vomiting, "cant eat" and is unable to sleep. He reports that patients labs have been okay but her RBCs are slightly low.
One 25 years old female patient received Symbicort 160 ug bid for asthma via prescription since over one month ago. No other medical history. One week after medication her face appeared rash vesicular(little blisters accompanying with pain). She visited pneumology department, the doctor said allergic symptom of Symbicort was rare, it was uncertainly caused by Symbicort. Dermatologist said it might be caused by hormone ingredient of Symbicort. She smeared Ganciclovir Gel and then the AE was improved. But rash vesicular would recur when Symbicort was received. Fu on 12-12-2017: This is a follow up spontaneous report concerning a female patient. Concomitant medication was not reported. The patient received Symbicort for asthma via prescription. She visited a doctor for examination on an unspecified date after she received Symbicort for a period. The result of tracheoscopy examination showed that there was candida albicans infection in her lung and the result of sputum examination showed that there was monilial infection in her oropharynx. She visited a doctor and the doctor didnt give the treatment. Information concerning new AEs of ’candida albicans infection in her lung and ’monilial infection in her oropharynx was added.
